this is Joe Bates Joe's had a fantastic
at the national show
and you're riding horses
you've actually got three large driving
horses to share and have you coped with
having three of them well in the end
because we didn't bring Bieber in their
house until the latter part of the
season because Fiona was going to be
riding him in the latter part of the
season but in actual fact it's turned
out that I've taken over the right so we
concentrated basically with the novice
and duster who belongs to admin so it
actually worked out perfectly what it
could have been quite a juggling act and
what's gonna happen that Hoy's we're not
actually taking lara the novice rider in
this device so we've just got the two
going because we thought as she's only
enormous this year and we do think she's
quite special
but I actually do think she would cook
work very well with the yeah she seems
to have a lovely temperament and I
believe you use blue chips karma on your
young horses how much would you give
them
the bright ones we give syringe and also
all the horses are fed on Bleacher
original how have you found that helps
them help keep their weight so it'll be
a help with those that are going to
hoist that they've got good codes and
what else to do to prepare them for
those ruts are we also keep like her
bodies on them the whole time because
that keeps the counts down we try and
keep their routine the same as possible
but obviously they do we do keep an eye
on the weather and rank it so Java sea
horses are really relaxed yes and here
we see one of them fast asleep at sachet
and so he's he's all rug duck for who's
then and we like you're really bling
hood definitely a bit Essex and is that
just a hood dress at northern one and
what else will you do to prepare him for
boys and how much work would you give
them during the week and does it get
turned out and how long does it go out
for
absolutely pouring with rain we do take
the deal that I don't for the night
and it's obvious today and how much work
would you give a horse like this before
a show when you work
and what's what you think's your hot tip
for boys mine or someone else's by your
heart for yours we've just seen lying
down feeling very relaxed also pulls out
all the stops and gives a beautiful ride
as well I'm hot took for anyone else you
think might do
you